# Optimization_Portfolio_Management

## Introduction
Modern Portfolio Theory (MPT) is a hypothesis put forth by Harry M. Markowitz. He started with the idea of risk aversion of average investors and their desire to maximize the expected return with the least risk.  Markowitz model is thus a theoretical framework for analysis of risk and return and their inter-relationships. One of the assumptions of portfolio theory is that investors are risk averse and try to minimize the portfolio risk given the desired return. Our optimization project is not only based on the theory and assumption given by Markowitz, but also considers the scenario that investors are risk appetite, which means they prefer more risky investment in order to obtain more potential return.

Stock portfolio management includes investment strategy selecting and investment management. The goal is to minimize the risks and maximize the profits on investment.  The best investment plan varies differently from individuals due to the fact that different considerations might exist between different individual and households. Therefore, the portfolio managers need to provide customized investment suggestions to clients based on their unique needs and requirements. In this project, the clients are divided into two groups based on their risk tolerance. One is investors who are risk appetite, which means that they have relatively high level of risk tolerance and have sufficient saving to encounter the future changes or market downturns. The other is investors who are risk averse, which means they have relatively low risk tolerance and would like to meet their goal of adding accumulation through a safer portfolio with less risks.
